Wazuh server cluster rework (#9436)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/wazuh-indexer-cluster/certificate-deployment.rst

   You need to use a pre-existing root CA to create Wazuh indexer certificates:

>    -  If you already have a root CA after generating certificates for the :doc:`Wazuh server </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/certificates-deployment>` or :doc:`Wazuh dashboard </user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/certificates>` nodes.

Reviewer: Wazuh server all-in-one certificate creation steps are now here:
- /user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/all-in-one-deployment.html#certificate-creation

and for distributed deployment here:
- /user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/distributed-deployment.html#certificate-creation

Reviewer: - If you already have a root CA generated during certificate creation for the :doc:`Wazuh server (all-in-one deployment) </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/all-in-one-deployment#certificate-creation>` or :doc:`Wazuh server (distributed deployment) </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/distributed-deployment#certificate-creation>` nodes, or for the :doc:`Wazuh dashboard </user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/certificates>` nodes.

>    -  If you already have a root CA after generating certificates for the :doc:`Wazuh server </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/certificates-deployment>` or :doc:`Wazuh dashboard </user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/certificates>` nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you already have a root CA generated during certificate creation for the :doc:`Wazuh server (all-in-one deployment) </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/all-in-one-deployment#certificate-creation>` or :doc:`Wazuh server (distributed deployment) </user-manual/wazuh-server-cluster/adding-new-server-nodes/distributed-deployment#certificate-creation>` nodes, or for the :doc:`Wazuh dashboard </user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/certificates>` nodes.
```
